Spelling: Support documentation reworked (#3543)
WeblateOrg/weblate: docs/admin/support.rst

Getting support for Weblate
===========================

Weblate is copylefted libre software with community support.
Subscribers receive priority support at no extra charge. Prepaid help packages are
available for everyone. You can find more info about current support
offerings at <https://weblate.org/support/>.

.. _activate-support:

> Integrating support

Author: Possibly conflicting

------------------

> 

Author: I was thinking "Doing so registers your instance on official Weblate servers.", but I don't know what it means…?

Reviewer: It periodically sends basic details to the server to check support status. The server can also respond with configuration for some additional services. Currently, the only additional service is backup, see https://docs.weblate.org/en/latest/admin/backup.html#cloudbackup

.. versionadded:: 3.8

Purchased support packages can optionally be integrated into your Weblate

> subscription management interface, from where you will find a link to it.

Author: Is this https://weblate.org/user/ and if so, would a link be in order?

Reviewer: Yes, that's it. Link would probably make sense here.

> subscription management interface, from where you will find a link to it.

Author: ```suggestion
 `subscription management <https://weblate.org/user/>`_ interface, from where you will find a link to it.
```

> Basic telemetry is also reported back to Weblate about your installation.

Author: Something other than "telemetry" would be great.

> Basic telemetry is also reported back to Weblate about your installation.

Author: ```suggestion
Basic instance details about your installation are also reported back to Weblate.
```

Getting support for Weblate
===========================

Weblate is copylefted libre software with community support.
Subscribers receive priority support at no extra charge. Prepaid help packages are
available for everyone. You can find more info about current support
offerings at <https://weblate.org/support/>.

.. _activate-support:

Integrating support

> ------------------

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Integrating support
-------------------
```

.. versionadded:: 3.8

Purchased support packages can optionally be integrated into your Weblate

>  `subscription management <https://weblate.org/user/>`_ interface, from where you will find a link to it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`subscription management <https://weblate.org/user/>`_ interface, from where you will find a link to it.
```

Basic instance details about your installation are also reported back to Weblate this way.

.. image:: /images/support.png

Data submitted to the Weblate
-----------------------------

* URL where your Weblate isntance is configured
* Your site title
* The Weblate version you are running
* Tallies of some objects in your Weblate database (projects, components, languages, source strings and users)
* The public SSH key of your instance

No other data is submitted.

Integration services

> ------------------------

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Integration services
--------------------
```
